Thank you.
I really like going to Sugarfish. (***)
Have you been (***) It is (***)
I  really like it
(***) but...
I don't know what to see something like Japanese or (***) like they think
They have a few of them. So they have one downtown.
Have 1990  (***)
But... (***)
That's the first place I ever tried sushi. Cause I don't like fish.
so when i tried sushi there i was like oh my gosh this place is so good
Uh  hnnng
Yeah, they have this unit called Trust Me, and they...
They bring you different things every once in awhile.
Yeah...  and then...
They don't put tip on there.
At least that part is done. (***)  Ha.. ha...  ha...
Ha... ha... ha... But...  aall the best...
This one I really like...I always explained it (***)
And then I was like a good like  (***)
It's really good.  (***)
There's a place in Culver City   Yeah... and then...   (***)
How tidred... Madam  will tidy... (***)
You like Thai food?
Okay...
Hmm...
I love this place called Bra. It's an apple parlor.
(***)  ...Of people...
so it's all made out of sourdough.. (***)
I've never been in a third stage  (***)
I mean it's not like healthy but it's good for your gut.
History  I like the flah back.. Hmmm....
It's like the noodle place in Burger King.  (***)
Yes, yes, yes, yes. I love that place...
Ha.. ha.. That's a good piece day too.
What are some of so many  your favorite restaurants? (***)
Ohhhhhhh...
Ohhhh...  Okaay...
What's it called?
(***)
Ddin't talk
Using that to surprise. Like surprise.,.. (***)
Yeah...
Okay...
sounds good
There's this place in Cerritos called Broth. Have you been there? I think it's Shovel Shovel.
Oh, shall we?
It's basically just like a human.
It's a productive weekend. You said that you wanted to go there.
Ah  huh...
Ohhhh...  Okaay...
Oh wow, do you get like the milkshakes there ever? (***)
I know I get them once in a while too.
I haven't done this for a long time, but have you ever been to Wendy's?
So...
They have these things called frosties.
And eat your french fries with the frosting.
It's so good. This is our chocolate frosting with french fries.
Yes...
It's really good. You might want to try it.
This is  ever in the mood for sweet and salty.
How be like maybe six bucks.
Well, I mean, that's how it was last time I went. I don't know.
Yeah...  What's your favorite dessert?
Ha, ha, ha...
Hmm...
Have you had chocolate mochi?
you
Have you gone to Fugetsu-do?
in Little Tokyo.
In there they sell really good chocolate mochi.
It was really good like so...
Soft.....  (***)    very clear so that...